Add osu! top player voting 2021 news post (#6617)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2021-12-27-clickers-choice-2021.md

---
layout: post
title: "Clicker's Choice: Top 20 osu! Players of 2021"
date: 2021-12-27 09:00:00 +0000
---

Take part in helping the community determine the top 20 osu! players of 2021!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2021-12-27-clickers-choice-2021/top_20_players_of_2021_banner.png)

> 2021 was an incredible year for many circle clickers, some even with record-breaking performances in solo play and tournaments. As the year draws to a close, we're sending things off with the **9th iteration of the international top 20 voting**, at the community run [Clicker's Choice](https://choice.hwc.hr/) system!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2021 was an incredible year for many circle clickers, some even with record-breaking performances in solo play and tournaments. As the year draws to a close, we're sending things off with the **9th iteration of the international top 20 voting**, using the community-run [Clicker's Choice](https://choice.hwc.hr/) website!
```

> For those unaware, the osu! community has typically hosted a yearly top 20 vote on any number of platforms in the past with no real centralized place to handle anything. This year's top 20 vote will be run on the Clicker's Choice (community run) website, which is also home to the top player voting for Germany, Poland, Canada, UK and many other countries.

Reviewer: I get that no official status should be implied, but there's really no need to state it twice.

```suggestion
For those unaware, the osu! community has typically hosted a yearly top 20 vote on any number of platforms in the past with no real centralized place to handle anything. This year's top 20 vote will be run on the Clicker's Choice website, which is also home to the top player voting for Germany, Poland, Canada, UK and many other countries.
```

Author: gotta wait for @peppy or @Ephemeralis on this one as they decide when to write community-run or not, but once this is solved everything should be ready

As a voter, it's pretty straightforward - just log in through osu! and start voting! **Everything regarding the criteria and deadlines are on the voting page as well.** Here's a showcase of the entire process:

<div align="center">
    <video width="100%" controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/hwchr/clickers_choice_promo.mp4" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
    </video>
</div>

> If you have any further questions, feel free to join the hwchr projects discord server or contact [hallowatcher](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1874761) directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any further questions, feel free to join the hwchr projects Discord server or contact [hallowatcher](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1874761) directly.
```

---
layout: post
title: "The Best osu! Players of 2021"
date: 2021-12-27 09:00:00 +0000
---

It's time for the community to decide the top 20 osu! players of 2021!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2021-12-27-clickers-choice-2021/top_20_players_of_2021_banner.png)

> 2021 was an incredible year for many circle clickers, some even with record-breaking performances in solo-play and tournaments. Now that the year's coming to an end, we're bringing you the **9th iteration of the international top 20 voting**, courtesy of my latest project: [Clicker's Choice](https://choice.hwc.hr/?mtm_campaign=news-post-2021&mtm_kwd=homepage)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2021 was an incredible year for many circle clickers, some even with record-breaking performances in solo play and tournaments. Now that the year's coming to an end, we're bringing you the **9th iteration of the international top 20 voting**, courtesy of my latest project: [Clicker's Choice](https://choice.hwc.hr/?mtm_campaign=news-post-2021&mtm_kwd=homepage)!
```

Reviewer: i'm very sure it's not supposed to be hyphenated here

The Top 20 vote will be run on the Clicker's Choice website, which is already home to the top player voting for Germany, Poland, Canada, UK and many other countries. Clicker's Choice aims to make it easier for users to vote, while also making it simpler for the host to tabulate and evaluate results.

> As a voter, it's pretty straightforward - just log in through osu! and start voting! **Everything regarding the criteria and deadlines are on the voting page as well.** Here's a showcase of the entire process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a voter, it's pretty straightforward — just log in through osu! and start voting! **Everything regarding the criteria and deadlines are on the voting page as well.** Here's a showcase of the entire process:
```

<div align="center">
    <video width="100%" controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/hwchr/clickers_choice_promo.mp4" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
    </video>
</div>

If you have any further questions, feel free to contact [hallowatcher](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1874761) directly.

But other than that, what are you waiting for? [Go ahead and vote!](https://choice.hwc.hr/vote/6)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This needs a better post format beucase it oesn't read well at all.. [TOP 20 VOTING](https://choice.hwc.hr/vote/6)
> 

Reviewer: maybe like this

```suggestion
But other than that, what are you waiting for? [Go ahead and vote!](https://choice.hwc.hr/vote/6)
```

Author: Oh woops, I already changed it. what do you think of the version i committed?

Reviewer: This reads better considering paragraph flow, and the link doesn't need to include both sentences

Author: done

> [TOP 20 VOTING](https://choice.hwc.hr/vote/6?mtm_campaign=news-post-2021&mtm_kwd=top-20-voting) | [HOMEPAGE](https://choice.hwc.hr/?mtm_campaign=news-post-2021&mtm_kwd=homepage) | [DISCORD](https://u.hwc.hr/discord))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[TOP 20 VOTING](https://choice.hwc.hr/vote/6?mtm_campaign=news-post-2021&mtm_kwd=top-20-voting) | [HOMEPAGE](https://choice.hwc.hr/?mtm_campaign=news-post-2021&mtm_kwd=homepage) | [DISCORD](https://u.hwc.hr/discord)
```

Reviewer 2: Change the web link to `https://choice.hwc.hr/vote/6` and `https://choice.hwc.hr` ?

Author: Any chance I can leave them as-is? I would like to know how many people come from this news post by including a campaign name

Author: Fixed the dangling parenthesis 👍

Reviewer 3: Remove discord link and remove `mtm_kwd` whatever that is.

---
layout: post
title: "Clicker's Choice: Top 20 osu! Players of 2021"
date: 2021-12-27 09:00:00 +0000
---

> Welcome aboard a brand new platform to help you vote for the top 20 osu! players of 2021!

Reviewer 3: Probably change this line to read less liek this is an official project..

Reviewer 4: Drawing a total blank on wording for this one. Very open to suggestions.

Reviewer: Had a long think on this one - brainstorming sure can be tedious sometimes. Maybe some combination of these will work.

```suggestion
Take part in helping the community determine the top 20 osu! players of 2021!
```

```suggestion
Come and chip in with your take on who were the best osu! players of 2021!
```

```suggestion
It's time for everyone to decide on who were the best osu! players of 2021!
```

```suggestion
Take part in helping everyone collectively identify the best osu! players of 2021!
```

```suggestion
Come on in and vote for your favorite circle clickers of the past year!
```

> Welcome aboard a brand new voting platform by helping decide who the top 20 best osu! players of 2021 are!

Author: ```suggestion
Welcome aboard a brand new platform to help you vote for the top 20 osu! players of 2021!
```

I would suggest changing the catchphrase, it's kind of weirdly structured @Ephemeralis

![](/wiki/shared/news/2021-12-27-clickers-choice-2021/top_20_players_of_2021_banner.png)

2021 was an incredible year for many circle clickers, some even with record-breaking performances in solo play and tournaments. As the year draw to a close, we're sending things off with the **9th iteration of the international top 20 voting**, hosted courtesy of my latest project: [Clicker's Choice](https://choice.hwc.hr/)!

> For those unaware, the osu! community has typically hosted a yearly top 20 vote on any number of platforms in the past with no real centralized place to handle anything.  This new platform should make it easier across the board to participate in such things, for users and hosts alike.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those unaware, the osu! community has typically hosted a yearly top 20 vote on any number of platforms in the past with no real centralized place to handle anything. This new platform should make it easier across the board to participate in such things, for users and hosts alike.
```

> This year's Top 20 vote will be run on the Clicker's Choice website, which is already home to the top player voting for Germany, Poland, Canada, UK and many other countries.

Reviewer: there's another instance of this on line 11

```suggestion
This year's top 20 vote will be run on the Clicker's Choice website, which is already home to the top player voting for Germany, Poland, Canada, UK and many other countries.
```
